don't know how to arrange for persistent data. req.session didn't work on my get/set session functions. does passport carry stuff throughout the app?

And there is still the issue of deployment, running it on the phone; I can get that help from other students at least.

Forget RefactorU. You are building your app for yourself and your friends. Ideally have full functionality for thursday, no major issue if it isn't. Beefing with their bullshit isn't going to help, really. You do you, you work hard, get help if you can, power through regardless. You do you. Expect nothing in return. If you get it up and running you'll have a sick demonstration video to share with your friends; if it's garbage don't do it or b.s. your way through. Edibles are a good idea to let off that tension/stress.

Fuck this shit. Fuck refactoru.
---
Game score is continually reverting to [0, 0]. Is this an issue with so many nested DB operations?

Everything else is working pretty good, though, right?

Styling. Deploying. Rating mode.
---
It all seems futile. Trying to finish everything I want finished, fighting back against refactorU. I don't think I'll get full functionality tongiht. This is the last time we'll be hanging out with these guys; after ten weeks. There's no reason to skip class photo tomorrow. There's no point in not having fun. Even with all the bullshit/frustration I feel. It all seems futile. I may doubt that I'll be fully-finished by tomorrow, and that was a little pessimistic, but I think it's valid to not expect it to be exactly as I was hoping it would be. I don't want to present a half-assed app. And I think there will be jankiness wherever this ends up. I have some motherfucking skills, but this isn't turning out and I don't like that. Helped more than I was helped. I don't think it's close to being full, yet. I just don't feel very good right now. I worked really hard on this.
I could stop additions now and focus on connecting for a presentation, doing presentation shit. Not super enthusiastic about that right now. No one's helping me.
This is probably a long-term project; more than I expected. And learning to not expect help. This is it. The class ends tomorrow. I just don't feel like figuring out things I don't know on my own. It's not unlike me doing my old projects on my own.
Probably be better when everyone's gone. Less noise, more me.
RefactorU affect dropping. Fuck shallow bullshit apps. Looks good enough for presentations; I don't like lying.
I would rather have a good outcome than be salty and bitter, but it just looks like it's going in this direction. Fuck 'em. It's late enough at this point. One hundred hours in, probably three-ish hours of assistance. I helped other people. I can take that away. Fuck if they can help me. I'd rather succeed than be salty. The fucking stud of the class. And here I am. Fuck this school. Succeed out of spite.
Taking comfort in future "success." Still, fucking went for it last night, felt good about making it today but that's not happening; it's sunk-cost fallacy driving me to fuck myself again tonight, but the odds of success seem lower. I'm pissed because it could have been better; it didn't have to end like this. Fuck them. Hundred-plus hours.
This is how it ended up. It is unfortunate but it's how it turned out. I don't think I should blame myself for this. I needled Sean today but I honestly think I've been a damn good student otherwise; the needling was largely in response to his response to me. (I'm sensitive to people ignoring my feedback.) I can write 4/5 online but rate it lower in my own memory. They made out well given how much I helped the rest of the class. Fuck it, yo; Imma do me.
I'm upset that my final project looks like it will fail, will be not be presentable. I've got the skills to make this work myself. Success would mean the opportunity to spit in their face on camera. Spite. My peers and I, because not them.
Yeah bro, get pissed. Succeed in spite of them.

Here's the deal. Build the big stuff, don't worry about the little stuff. i learned in this project that there is a class of problems that take thirty minutes if you have help from somebody with experience, or you could bang your head against the wall for maybe ten hours and get nowhere. I chose to focus on the big stuff that I can control rather than worry about the little things I can't. "I couldn't get time with people who are experienced with this framework."
Superfans. It is entirely likely that I am dope at coding, judging by verbal and observational feedback. Sweet. I'm not a douche about it.
Workflow separation - neighboring functions split up: html -> js -> server -> back-end functions. My life is dope and I'm good at coding. Yo, that's wicked smart. Columns. I'm a league above the TA's. "RefactorU gave me the confidence that I was valuable on the job market. Because I was better than the TA's they hired to help my fellow students."
Build it, Tom. Do it. You got this. Functionality for user, dope-code for engineers. That mindset alone is sign of a good engineering mind. Good for you, Tom. I learn from errors in ways that others perhaps don't. I need to know why things failed.
Do it for your friends. Do it for Rachel Link. Echo would be really happy, too. Amanita, motherfucker! A-School!
Fuck it, dude; be creative with your file names. Do you.
"I could set aside six hours and be confident I'd succeed, or I could invest ten hours with no guarantee of success."